date-picker: Add indicator dot under current date (#1541)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/funny-boxes-repeat.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': patch
---

> date-picker: Add indicator dot to todays date in calendar widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date-picker: Add indicator dot to today’s date in calendar widget
```

> date-range-picker: Add indicator dot to todays date in calendar widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date-range-picker: Add indicator dot to today’s date in calendar widget
```
